PROJECT GOGI
Hyohyeon Jeong
2013-09-15

===================
WEBSITE DESCRIPTION
===================

This website, although originally designed to handle events using the calendar,
is implemented only to be able to handle user management system.
The calendar DOES NOT work at all as intended.

There is currently one user and one member. Users are designed to be hard-coded by
the admin (myself); however, members could be added by the user and will be associated to
that user only.

User can sign in using the top-right "Sign in" link, and may navigate to Manage Group page
using either a link "Manage Group" or by typing url directly: "/manage_group".

Use this credential pair to test the website for now:
Email: hyo.jeong@sv.cmu.edu
Password: hyohyeon1

=============
INITIAL SETUP
=============
Please run:

rake db:reset
rake db:seed

to provide the basic data needed for this website to function.

For another option, Heroku-deployed website may also be reached at:
http://project-gogi.herokuapp.com/

==============
FUTURE ROADMAP
==============

Because this project only serves as a proof-of-concept for my future project,
I decided to list out the possible improvements/roadmap items coming soon.

1. Tests are not fully implemented; not following TDD style is bad and I should correct
   myself.
2. Implement Calendar/event into the calendar object
3. Migrate all implementation using JavaScript/HTML/CSS and MongoDB

=====
MODEL
=====
User
 - may have many members
 - able to log into /home and /manage_group page
Member
 - related to one user
 - are managed from /manage_group page
 
==========
CONTROLLER
==========
MainPageController
 - Main Page (/home) controller
 - not currently doing anything in particular; serving as a placeholder for now

ManageGroupController
 - Manage Group page (/manage_group) controller
 - User/Member association management
 - /manage_group/get_all_members gets all members associated to the user in XML format